NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content Read full article 2k Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Dylan Stableford · Senior Writer October 21, 2022, 10:58 AM · 2 min read Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting the extreme drought that is affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially out West. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's winter outlook , which was released Thursday by the National Weather Service, La Niña — a weather phenomenon caused by the natural cooling of seawater in the tropical Pacific Ocean — will return for the third consecutive winter. The climate pattern affects the position of the jet stream, resulting in dry conditions in the southern half of the country and wetter conditions in the northern half. It's the opposite of El Niño, which occurs when water in the Pacific Ocean is warmer than average. Widespread extreme drought, which continues to persist across much of the West and Great Plains, will continue with La Niña in place. “Parts of the Western U.S and southern Great Plains will continue to be the hardest hit this winter,” said Jon Gottschalck, operations chief with NOAA’s Climate Prediction Center. “With the La Niña climate pattern still in place, drought conditions may also expand to the Gulf Coast.” However, drought conditions are expected to improve across the Pacific Northwest over the coming months — which is welcome news for people in Oregon and Washington who are choking on wildfire smoke that has covered the region . NOAA’s Winter Outlook calls for warmer-than-average temperatures for the South and Southwest and wetter-than-average conditions for areas of the Midwest, northern Rockies and Pacific Northwest. The greatest chance for warmer-than-average conditions are in western Alaska, the Central Great Basin and Southwest, extending through the Southern Plains, forecasters say, while wetter-than-average conditions are most likely in store for western Alaska, the Pacific Northwest, northern Rockies, Great Lakes and Ohio Valley. The seasonal outlooks are meant to provide American communities with a rough guide for temperatures, precipitation totals and drought conditions for the 90-day period. The winter outlook does not project seasonal snowfall accumulations, as those forecasts are “generally not predictable more than a week in advance,” NOAA said. Recommended Stories Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election.  The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary.  The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. 3h ago Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home A car was found buried Thursday in the yard of a home in the affluent town of Atherton in the San Francisco Bay Area, police said. 13h ago The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory House minority leader Kevin McCarthy hinted at the measures his party would take if it reclaims majority in the lower chamber 14h ago In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl's trip after he dumped her. 2h ago The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Mikhail Svetlov/Getty ImagesThe Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme.Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine, according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Depa 1h ago TODAY McDonald’s Teams Up With Krispy Kreme For Test Doughnut Run Krispy Kreme announced that it will be offering three of their doughnuts at McDonald’s restaurants in Louisville, Kentucky, and the surrounding area. 15h ago The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago SheKnows Melania Trump Made the Surprising Decision to Join Forces With Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton For This Historic Cause Melania Trump made an announcement on Twitter this week that had some users scratching their heads. She’s joining all of the living former first ladies — Michelle Obama, Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton, Rosalynn Carter, along with current First Lady Dr. Jill Biden — to join efforts to get a women’s suffrage monument erected on the […] 5h ago Yahoo Celebrity James Corden says 'I'm probably going to have to talk about' restaurant scandal on Monday's show New York City restaurateur Keith McNally has said Corden apologized to him. 18h ago Gizmodo The University of Texas Hacked Starlink’s Signal So It Can Be Used as a GPS Alternative In addition to providing high-speed internet connectivity to even the most remote corners of the Earth, the over 3,000 satellites that make up the Starlink network have the potential to do even more, like replace the two dozen satellites that power the Global Positioning System. SpaceX passed on the idea, so a team of researchers took the long way to leverage Starlink as a GPS alternative. 5h ago The Hill Biden touts federal deficit: ‘Largest one-year drop in American history’ President Biden on Friday touted recent figures showing the federal budget deficit fell by $1.4 trillion in fiscal 2022 from the prior year’s levels as Democrats work to fend off Republican attacks on the economy and inflation ahead of the midterm elections. Biden boasted the decline as “the largest one-year drop in American history” in… 4h ago E! News Olivia Culpo Supports Boyfriend Christian McCaffrey After Surprise Trade to 49ers Olivia Culpo's boyfriend Christian McCaffrey has been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the San Francisco 49ers. Find out the model's reaction to the surprise move. 5h ago Blavity Solange Seemingly Confirms Bill Murray Put His Hands Into Her Afro And Asked If She Was Wearing A Wig During SNL Appearance When Solange Knowles sang “Don’t Touch My Hair” she meant it. 2h ago NBC News The decider: Jill Biden's unparalleled influence and impact on the president Whenever his aides are pressed about President Biden’s political future, they’ll often point to one person as the true decider: his wife of 45 years, Jill Biden. 10h ago Yahoo Sports Cowboys' Jerry Jones all but confirms he told Patriots' Robert Kraft 'don't f*** with me' “I would say that in this particular case, it’s probably accurate that I did express myself in probably a way that’s not in good taste,” Jones said Friday on Dallas radio. 4h ago Yahoo Sports Panthers star RB Christian McCaffrey traded to 49ers for draft picks The 49ers made a big move in their backfield on Thursday night. 18h ago The Hill 231 pythons removed from south Florida during 10-day challenge Nearly 1,000 participants from 32 states, Canada and Latvia removed hundreds of Burmese pythons from south Florida as part of the 10-day competition, created to raise awareness about invasive species. 19h ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read POPULAR A Third La Niña Winter Will Likely Extend Record Drought in U.S. West The Wall Street Journal What could this winter look like in Michigan? Here's the NOAA winter outlook WXYZ-Detroit Videos The latest U.S. winter outlook spells trouble for dry California LA Times Why La Niña could mean 'warmer, slightly drier winter' for Virginia WTVR Shallow Mississippi River to persist as dry winter hits U.S. South - NOAA Reuters