Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Read full article Shannon Vavra October 21, 2022, 3:41 PM · 4 min read Mikhail Svetlov/Getty Images The Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme. Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine , according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Department of Justice this week. “We are categorically against this and we condemn the practice of these kinds of arrests of Russian citizens,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. Uss’ father, the governor of Russia’s Krasnoyarsk Krai region, Alexander Uss, has suggested the arrest is politically motivated, according to TASS . Another Russian government spokesperson, Maria Zakharova, said Moscow would not leave the United States’ search for Russians “unanswered” and accused the U.S. of “taking hostages for "political purposes,” TASS reported. These Top Putin Cronies Vowed to Fight in Ukraine Themselves. So Where Are They? Uss wasn’t the only one charged in the money laundering and smuggling scheme. Uss co-owned a trading company called Nord-Deutsche Industrieanlagenbau GmbH (NDA GmbH) which he and co-conspirators allegedly used as a front to ship U.S. defense technology to Russia. Uss and co-conspirators are accused of using NDA GmbH to ship advanced semiconductors and microprocessors for fighter aircraft, missile systems, smart munitions, radar, and satellites in Russia—some of which have been found in weapons used in the war in Ukraine. “Some of the same electronic components obtained through the criminal scheme have been found in Russian weapons platforms seized on the battlefield in Ukraine,” the Department of Justice said in an announcement, adding that the accused developed a “sophisticated network” of schemes that “undermined security, economic stability and rule of law around the world.” Story continues The group of co-conspirators also allegedly shipped hundreds of millions of barrels of oil from Venezuela to Russian and Chinese entities, including at least one sanctioned oligarch. The 12-count indictment charged five Russian nationals in total, including Yury Orekhov, Svetlana Kuzurgasheva, Timofey Telegin, and Sergey Tulyakov. Juan Fernando Serrano Ponce and Juan Carlos Soto were also charged for setting up illegal oil deals for Venezuelan state oil company, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. One of the co-conspirators openly acknowledged that NDA GmbH was working for a sanctioned oligarch, according to court documents. “He [the oligarch] is under sanctions as well,” Orekhov said. “That’s why we [are] acting from this company [NDA GmbH]. As fronting.” Russia has long helped Venezuela evade sanctions regimes around the globe. But the latest charges expose the multiple layers of sanctions the United States has imposed on Russia and Venezuela both. The United States has been sanctioning Venezuela for more than 15 years, and in recent years has imposed restrictions on Venezuela’s state oil company and other entities in order to try to pressure Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro to leave power. Sanctions on Russian banks in recent months, which the United States and other nations have levied in an attempt to try isolating Moscow on the world stage while it assaults Ukraine, have likely hurt Venezuela’s ability to access its assets , according to the Congressional Research Service. But higher oil prices from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are appearing to drive a semblance of economic recovery for Venezuela, according to the CRS. Task Force KleptoCapture, the Department of Justice group established earlier this year aimed at punishing Russia for the war in Ukraine and enforcing sanctions on Russian oligarchs, announced the charges alongside other DOJ entities. “Stamping out evasion of export controls on military technology is among the Task Force’s highest priorities,” Andrew Adams, the director of Task Force KleptoCapture, said in a statement. “Webs of shell companies, cryptocurrency and an international network of fraudsters failed to shield Orekhov and his cronies from apprehension by U.S. law enforcement.” It’s not clear what Russia will be doing in response to Uss’ arrest. When asked Thursday if Uss’ arrest is related at all to the negotiations to release Brittney Griner from Russia, White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre declined to speculate. “The President is willing… to take extraordinary lengths to bring Americans home,” Jean-Pierre said in a briefing with reporters. Read more at The Daily Beast. Get the Daily Beast's biggest scoops and scandals delivered right to your inbox. Sign up now. Stay informed and gain unlimited access to the Daily Beast's unmatched reporting. Subscribe now. Recommended Stories In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl's trip after he dumped her. 2h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election.  The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary.  The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. 3h ago The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago Gizmodo The University of Texas Hacked Starlink’s Signal So It Can Be Used as a GPS Alternative In addition to providing high-speed internet connectivity to even the most remote corners of the Earth, the over 3,000 satellites that make up the Starlink network have the potential to do even more, like replace the two dozen satellites that power the Global Positioning System. SpaceX passed on the idea, so a team of researchers took the long way to leverage Starlink as a GPS alternative. 5h ago Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago Reuters U.S., Russian defence chiefs speak, call was needed to clear up misunderstandings -Moscow The Pentagon declined to offer specifics beyond saying that Austin, who initiated the conversation, emphasized a need for lines of communication amid the war in Ukraine.  "Misunderstandings must be cleared up so that there are no accidents ... these are always important contacts, and it's important the Americans were the first to go for it," TASS quoted Vienna-based Russian diplomat Konstantin Gavrilov as telling Russian television. 8h ago INSIDER Brittney Griner reportedly turned down the opportunity to play basketball in prison because it's 'too painful' to practice The WNBA star, who has been wrongfully detained in Russia since February, reportedly refused lawyers' offer to bring her a basketball to play prison. 3h ago SheKnows Melania Trump Made the Surprising Decision to Join Forces With Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton For This Historic Cause Melania Trump made an announcement on Twitter this week that had some users scratching their heads. She’s joining all of the living former first ladies — Michelle Obama, Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton, Rosalynn Carter, along with current First Lady Dr. Jill Biden — to join efforts to get a women’s suffrage monument erected on the […] 5h ago Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting that the extreme drought affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially in the West. 5h ago Reuters Ukraine troops say Russian woes could preface pullback in south To the Ukrainian soldiers entrenched north of the Russian-held city of Kherson, a recent drop-off in Russian shellfire and armour movements signals that their foes dug into a nearby tree line are suffering serious manpower, supply and hardware woes.  That may mean the Russians are preparing to abandon their defence of the provincial capital and retreat across the Dnipro River, the soldiers said when Reuters visited their positions on Friday.  The Russians "are constantly suffering losses in this sector, and we're trying to do everything we can so they leave this place as fast as possible," continued Fugas, a stocky man who in civilian life co-owned an agricultural business in the western Lviv region. 3h ago The New Voice of Ukraine Iranian instructors killed in Ukraine, Israeli media says Ten Iranian instructors, who were training Russian troops in Moscow-occupied Ukrainian territory, were killed last week by Ukrainian strikes, Israeli newspaper The Jerusalem Post reported on Oct. 21, citing an unnamed Ukrainian official. 3h ago NBC News The decider: Jill Biden's unparalleled influence and impact on the president Whenever his aides are pressed about President Biden’s political future, they’ll often point to one person as the true decider: his wife of 45 years, Jill Biden. 10h ago SheKnows Cindy Crawford Shared Sizzling Photos of Herself in a Little Black Bikini & It Reminds Us Why She's a Supermodel Legend Just like Helena Christensen, Cindy Crawford is digging through her old footage and delivering epic supermodel throwback snapshots. The 56-year-old icon shared sweet images from her very early days in her modeling career in an Instagram Reel. Crawford, who began modeling at the age of 16 in Chicago, posted the clip showing off her 1980s […] 3h ago Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Candace Owens is threatening to sue the family of George Floyd as she aims to defend her friend Kanye West. 5h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago Yahoo Celebrity James Corden says 'I'm probably going to have to talk about' restaurant scandal on Monday's show New York City restaurateur Keith McNally has said Corden apologized to him. 18h ago E! News Olivia Culpo Supports Boyfriend Christian McCaffrey After Surprise Trade to 49ers Olivia Culpo's boyfriend Christian McCaffrey has been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the San Francisco 49ers. Find out the model's reaction to the surprise move. 5h ago The Hill Trump: ‘Very disloyal’ if Pence, other Cabinet members run in 2024 Former President Trump said he would find it “very disloyal” if former Vice President Mike Pence or other members of his former Cabinet sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2024, seeking to send a warning to a number of figures weighing potential White House bids. “Many of them have said they would never run if… 2h ago Associated Press Ukrainian forces bombard river crossing; Kherson a fortress Ukrainian forces bombarded Russian positions in the occupied and illegally annexed southern Kherson region, targeting resupply routes across a major river while inching closer Friday to a full assault on one of the first urban areas Russia captured after invading the country.  Russian-installed officials were reported desperately trying to turn the city of Kherson, a prime objective for both sides because of its key industries and major river and sea port, into a fortress while attempting to evacuate tens of thousands of residents.  The Kremlin poured as many as 2,000 draftees into the Kherson region — one of four Moscow illegally annexed and put under Russian martial law — to replenish losses and strengthen front-line units, according to the Ukrainian army's general staff. 9h ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read POPULAR Moscow says U.S. sanctions charges against 5 Russians are 'cynical' bid to intimidate Reuters US busts network providing technology to Russian military Associated Press Nearly a dozen face charges for sending military tech, oil to Russia Defense News Russians schemed to send U.S. military technology to Russian defense sector, Justice Department says NBC News 2 Venezuelans and 5 Russians Accused of Using Cryptocurrency to Evade Sanctions Decrypt Media