Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home Read full article A car was found buried Thursday, Oct. 20, 2022, in the yard of a home in the San Francisco Bay Area town of Atherton, and may have been there since the 1990s, Atherton police said. (NBC Bay Area) (NBC Bay Area) 1.2k Phil Helsel October 21, 2022, 3:25 AM · 1 min read A car was found buried Thursday in the yard of a home in the affluent town of Atherton in the San Francisco Bay Area, police said. Landscapers working in the yard discovered the car around 8:50 a.m. It had been buried below 4 to 5 feet of dirt and was thought to have been there since the 1990s, police said. How it got there and why it was there was under investigation. The vehicle was being excavated Thursday. Cadaver dogs were brought in and “made a slight notification of possible human remains,” police said in a statement. No human remains have been found, Atherton police Commander Dan Larsen said late Thursday. There were unused bags of concrete in the vehicle, police said. Related video: Lake Mead at risk of becoming dead pool “The motive and circumstances surrounding this incident are under investigation,” police said in a statement. The vehicle is not associated with the current homeowners, and was buried before they moved in, police said. Atherton is a wealthy community in San Mateo County. The city of around 7,100 is adjacent to Menlo Park, home of the headquarters of Facebook’s parent company Meta, and less than 10 miles from Mountain View, where Google is headquartered. Atherton was ranked as the nation’s most expensive ZIP code for a fifth consecutive year last November, according to real estate information company PropertyShark . It had a median sale price of $7.5 million. This article was originally published on NBCNews.com Recommended Stories Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election.  The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary.  The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. 3h ago The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory House minority leader Kevin McCarthy hinted at the measures his party would take if it reclaims majority in the lower chamber 14h ago Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Police believe the shooting rampage that left five dead in North Carolina’s capital city last week began when the 15-year-old suspect shot his older brother, according to a report released Thursday.  More details about the shootings emerged from the four-page preliminary report that Raleigh’s police chief provided to the city manager.  Police said the suspect — still not named in the report because he is a juvenile but identified by his parents this week as Austin Thompson — was captured in a barnlike structure more than four hours after the first emergency call. 1d ago Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting that the extreme drought affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially in the West. 5h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl's trip after he dumped her. 2h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago Yahoo Celebrity James Corden says 'I'm probably going to have to talk about' restaurant scandal on Monday's show New York City restaurateur Keith McNally has said Corden apologized to him. 18h ago The Hill Biden touts federal deficit: ‘Largest one-year drop in American history’ President Biden on Friday touted recent figures showing the federal budget deficit fell by $1.4 trillion in fiscal 2022 from the prior year’s levels as Democrats work to fend off Republican attacks on the economy and inflation ahead of the midterm elections. Biden boasted the decline as “the largest one-year drop in American history” in… 4h ago Gizmodo The University of Texas Hacked Starlink’s Signal So It Can Be Used as a GPS Alternative In addition to providing high-speed internet connectivity to even the most remote corners of the Earth, the over 3,000 satellites that make up the Starlink network have the potential to do even more, like replace the two dozen satellites that power the Global Positioning System. SpaceX passed on the idea, so a team of researchers took the long way to leverage Starlink as a GPS alternative. 5h ago The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Mikhail Svetlov/Getty ImagesThe Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme.Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine, according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Depa 1h ago Variety Kevin Spacey Trial: Anthony Rapp Loses $40 Million Sexual Battery Lawsuit A New York jury has sided with Kevin Spacey in a $40 million civil lawsuit, finding that the Oscar-winning actor did not molest Anthony Rapp when he was a teenager and is not liable for battery. After roughly 80 minutes of deliberations, jurors reached a unanimous decision that Rapp’s lawyers had failed to prove that […] 1d ago INSIDER Brittney Griner reportedly turned down the opportunity to play basketball in prison because it's 'too painful' to practice The WNBA star, who has been wrongfully detained in Russia since February, reportedly refused lawyers' offer to bring her a basketball to play prison. 3h ago Blavity Solange Seemingly Confirms Bill Murray Put His Hands Into Her Afro And Asked If She Was Wearing A Wig During SNL Appearance When Solange Knowles sang “Don’t Touch My Hair” she meant it. 2h ago E! News Olivia Culpo Supports Boyfriend Christian McCaffrey After Surprise Trade to 49ers Olivia Culpo's boyfriend Christian McCaffrey has been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the San Francisco 49ers. Find out the model's reaction to the surprise move. 5h ago MarketWatch ‘It’s $10,000 that’s on the line.’ Borrowers who used Pell grants decades ago can’t find proof and worry they will lose Biden’s relief. Student loan borrowers who believe they used Pell grants before 1994 can’t find evidence of the grant on the government’s student aid portal, MarketWatch found. 8h ago Yahoo Sports Panthers star RB Christian McCaffrey traded to 49ers for draft picks The 49ers made a big move in their backfield on Thursday night. 18h ago Yahoo Sports Longtime NBA official Tony Brown dies at 55 after cancer battle Tony Brown, who spent two decades as an official in the league, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2021. 21h ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read USA TODAY Supreme Court denies challenge to Biden's student loan forgiveness program USA TODAY · 1 min read POPULAR California landscapers make bizarre discovery under lawn, homeowner had no idea Fox News Car found buried in Atherton backyard triggers investigation CBS-Sanfrancisco Car found buried in yard of California mansion, believed to have been there since 1990s KRON San Francisco Car found buried in backyard of Atherton property, police say KGO – San Francisco Fritz Wetherbee: John Stark Buried Twice WMUR - Manchester