Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content Read full article 8.5k Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony FARNOUSH AMIRI and MARY CLARE JALONICK October 21, 2022, 12:46 PM · 6 min read WASHINGTON (AP) — The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election . The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary. The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. Those are to be turned in by Nov. 4, although the committee's deadlines are generally subject to negotiation. “We recognize that a subpoena to a former president is a significant and historic action," Chairman Bennie Thompson and Vice Chair Liz Cheney wrote in the letter to Trump. “We do not take this action lightly.” The panel rooted its action in history, listing past presidents from John Quincy Adams to Gerald Ford, who testified before Congress after leaving office — and noted that even sitting presidents have responded to congressional subpoenas. It is unclear how Trump and his legal team will respond. He could comply or negotiate with the committee, announce he will defy the subpoena or ignore it altogether. He could also go to court and try to stop it. A request for comment from Trump's spokesperson was not immediately returned. The subpoena is the latest and most striking escalation in the House committee’s 15-month investigation of the deadly Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection, bringing members of the panel into direct conflict with the man they have investigated from afar through the testimony of aides, allies and associates. In the subpoena letter, the committee wrote about the “overwhelming evidence” it has assembled, showing Trump “personally orchestrated” an effort to overturn his defeat in the 2020 election, including by spreading false allegations of widespread voter fraud, “attempting to corrupt” the Justice Department and pressuring state officials, members of Congress and his own vice president to change the results. Story continues “In short, you were at the center of the first and only effort by any U.S. President to overturn an election and obstruct the peaceful transition of power, ultimately culminating in a bloody attack on our own Capitol and on the Congress itself,” Thompson and Cheney said. Lawmakers say key details about what Trump was doing and saying during the siege remain unknown. According to the committee, the only person who can fill the gaps is Trump himself. The panel — comprised of seven Democrats and two Republicans — approved the subpoena for Trump in a surprise vote last week. Every member voted in support. The day after, Trump posted a lengthy memo on Truth Social, his social media website, repeating his false claims of widespread election fraud and expressing his “anger, disappointment and complaint” that the committee wasn’t investigating his objections. He made no mention of the subpoena. The subpoena calls for testimony about Trump's dealings with several former aides and associates who have asserted their Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination to the committee, including Roger Stone, Michael Flynn, John Eastman, Jeffrey Clark and Kelli Ward. “These Fifth Amendment assertions — made by persons with whom you interacted — related directly to you and your conduct," the subpoena letter reads. "They provide specific examples where your truthful testimony under oath with be important.” The committee also made 19 requests for documents and communication — including for any messages Trump sent on the encrypted messaging app Signal “or any other means” to members of Congress and others about the stunning events of the Capitol attack. The scope of the committee's request is expansive — pursuing documents from Sept. 1, 2020, two months before the election, to the present on the president’s communications with the groups like the Oath Keepers, Proud Boys — as the panel looks to compile a historical record of the run-up to the Capitol attack and then the aftermath. But there remains little legal advantage for Trump to cooperate with the committee as he already faces other civil and criminal legal battles in various jurisdictions, including over his family business in New York and the handling of presidential records at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. It's possible his lawyers could simply run out the clock on the subpoena if they go to court to try to quash it, since the committee goes out of existence at the end of this Congress. Peter Keisler, who served as acting attorney general under President George W. Bush, wrote in an email responding to a query from the AP: "It seems improbable to me that this could be litigated to conclusion in the time remaining to the Committee in this Congress.” There is ample precedent for Congress to seek testimony from a former president. Over the past century and a half, at least six current and former presidents have testified on Capitol Hill, including John Tyler and John Quincy Adams after both were subpoenaed in 1848. If Trump refuses to comply with the subpoena, the panel will have to weigh the practical and political implications of holding him in contempt of Congress. “That’s a bridge we cross if we have to get there,” Rep. Adam Kinzinger, a Republican member of the committee, told ABC on Sunday. “He’s made it clear he has nothing to hide, is what he says. So, he should come in.” If the full House voted to recommend a contempt charge against Trump, the Justice Department would then review the case and decide on any further step. Other witnesses have faced legal consequences for defying the committee, including close Trump ally Steve Bannon, who was convicted of contempt in July and was sentenced Friday to four months behind bars. But holding a former president in contempt would be another matter. The subpoena to Trump comes as the committee is looking to wrap up its investigative work and compile a final, comprehensive report that will be published by the end of the year. Investigators have interviewed more than 1,000 witnesses, including many of Trump’s top White House aides, and obtained tens of thousands of pages of documents since the committee was formed in July 2021. But the panel is authorized only through this Congress, which ends on Jan. 3. That means members have only a few short months — amid a hectic lame-duck legislative period after the midterm elections — to refine their historical record of the worst attack on the Capitol in two centuries. Whether that will include the testimony from the 45th president of the United States remains to be seen. The committee ended its subpoena to Trump by quoting one of his predecessors: "President (Theodore) Roosevelt explained during his congressional testimony, ‘an ex-President is merely a citizen of the United States, like any other citizen, and it is his plain duty to try to help this committee or respond to its invitation.’” ___ Associated Press writers Lisa Mascaro, Jill Colvin and Mark Sherman contributed to this report. ___ Follow AP’s coverage of the Jan. 6 insurrection at https://apnews.com/hub/capitol-siege Follow AP’s Donald Trump-related investigations: https://apnews.com/hub/donald-trump Recommended Stories Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting that the extreme drought affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially in the West. 5h ago Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory House minority leader Kevin McCarthy hinted at the measures his party would take if it reclaims majority in the lower chamber 14h ago NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home A car was found buried Thursday in the yard of a home in the affluent town of Atherton in the San Francisco Bay Area, police said. 13h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago The Hill Biden touts federal deficit: ‘Largest one-year drop in American history’ President Biden on Friday touted recent figures showing the federal budget deficit fell by $1.4 trillion in fiscal 2022 from the prior year’s levels as Democrats work to fend off Republican attacks on the economy and inflation ahead of the midterm elections. Biden boasted the decline as “the largest one-year drop in American history” in… 4h ago TODAY McDonald’s Teams Up With Krispy Kreme For Test Doughnut Run Krispy Kreme announced that it will be offering three of their doughnuts at McDonald’s restaurants in Louisville, Kentucky, and the surrounding area. 15h ago The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Mikhail Svetlov/Getty ImagesThe Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme.Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine, according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Depa 1h ago Yahoo Celebrity James Corden says 'I'm probably going to have to talk about' restaurant scandal on Monday's show New York City restaurateur Keith McNally has said Corden apologized to him. 18h ago In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl's trip after he dumped her. 2h ago Yahoo Sports Cowboys' Jerry Jones all but confirms he told Patriots' Robert Kraft 'don't f*** with me' “I would say that in this particular case, it’s probably accurate that I did express myself in probably a way that’s not in good taste,” Jones said Friday on Dallas radio. 4h ago The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago Associated Press Boris Johnson, ousted by scandal, eyes comeback as UK leader Former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson -- ousted by ethics scandals just three months ago -- jockeyed to make a comeback Friday as one of several contenders seeking to replace Liz Truss, whose rapid downfall threw the country’s leadership into disarray at a time of severe economic challenges.  The governing Conservative Party has ordered a lightning-fast race that aims to finalize nominations Monday and install a new prime minister, its third this year, within a week.  Johnson has not publicly declared he is running, but a political ally who spoke with him told Sky News he is “up for it” and bookmakers have made him one of the favorites to win the contest. 12h ago SheKnows Melania Trump Made the Surprising Decision to Join Forces With Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton For This Historic Cause Melania Trump made an announcement on Twitter this week that had some users scratching their heads. She’s joining all of the living former first ladies — Michelle Obama, Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton, Rosalynn Carter, along with current First Lady Dr. Jill Biden — to join efforts to get a women’s suffrage monument erected on the […] 5h ago The Hill 231 pythons removed from south Florida during 10-day challenge Nearly 1,000 participants from 32 states, Canada and Latvia removed hundreds of Burmese pythons from south Florida as part of the 10-day competition, created to raise awareness about invasive species. 19h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago The New York Times 'It Was Horror': Liberated Ukrainians Share Tales of Occupation BALAKLIYA, Ukraine — Russian troops spent weeks searching for Mariya, the 65-year-old common-law wife of a serving Ukrainian army officer. Twice, she said, they ransacked her cottage in a village outside the town of Balakliya, Ukraine, and when they did eventually detain her months later, they tortured her repeatedly under interrogation, using electric shocks and threats of rape. The recapturing by Ukrainian fighters of much of the Kharkiv region a month ago is now revealing what life was like f 9h ago INSIDER Brittney Griner reportedly turned down the opportunity to play basketball in prison because it's 'too painful' to practice The WNBA star, who has been wrongfully detained in Russia since February, reportedly refused lawyers' offer to bring her a basketball to play prison. 3h ago The New York Times Democratic Secretary of State Candidates Struggle Against Election Deniers LAS VEGAS — Ted Pappageorge, the head of Culinary Union Local 226, whipped up the crowd of canvassers into a frenzy on a recent Monday morning, earning him “sí, se puede!” chants. But before he sent the canvassers out to knock on doors for Cisco Aguilar, the Democratic candidate of secretary of state, he had a question. “Does anybody know what the secretary of state does in the state of Nevada?” Pappageorge asked. A few murmured “voting” and a half dozen raised their hands. The buzzing quieted, 9h ago Yahoo Finance 'I'm coming back to walk over this sucker': Why Biden visits so many bridges Joe Biden visited the Fern Hollow Bridge in Pittsburgh this week in an effort to tout the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. 1d ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read POPULAR It’s Official: Jan. 6 Committee Slaps Trump With Subpoena Rolling Stone Jan. 6 committee issues Trump subpoena seeking testimony on Capitol riot Fox News Jan. 6 committee issues subpoena for Trump testimony and records NBC Trump subpoena: Former president ordered to testify to January 6 committee BBC Trump Subpoena Is Issued, Setting Up Showdown With Jan. 6 Panel Bloomberg