Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content Read full article 614 In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' Emerald Pellot October 21, 2022, 2:35 PM · 2 min read A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl’s trip after he dumped her. Federal Reserve raises interest rates for first time since 2018 Financial abuse might be more common than you think. A 2017 survey by CentSai of 2,000 people between 18 and 35 found that 70% of millennial women experienced financial abuse from a romantic partner. Financial abuse can range from stealing to controlling or restricting another person’s money. Shop Jordyn Woods’ stunning cover looks from her In The Know cover shoot: TikToker @ chloebelaire.lux alleges that her boyfriend dumped her and stole from her while she was away on vacation. “I went to Puerto Rico for my bday, and my BF broke up with me and broke into my house and stole 13K and my brand new MacBook while I was gone,” she said , adding a few clown emojis. “Don’t trust boys from NYC!!! They don’t love you!” she added in the caption . She explained in the comments that her ex-boyfriend “literally” told her over the phone . She added, “I can’t do anything till I come back but don’t worry, first stop police station.” People in the comment section shared their support and similar experiences. “I went to Disney , and he broke into my house and stole all the jewelry back he bought me,” someone wrote . “Same. Broke up with my ex, and my house got robbed 2 hrs later,” another said . “Someone’s mad they didn’t go with u to Puerto Rico,” a person commented . If you or someone you know is experiencing financial abuse, a form of intimate partner violence, please visit the National Domestic Violence Hotline , call 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) or text “START” to 88788. See this tiny New York apartment get an impressive redesign in one day with a $1,000 budget: The post Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation appeared first on In The Know . More from In The Know: Summer just started, but lots of stylish sandals are already on sale at Nordstrom Make bathtime a blast with these DIY pool noodle Froot Loops TikToker shows how easy it is for employers to ‘spy’ on their employees' computer activity 10 summer sandals with coordinating nail polishes Recommended Stories The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Mikhail Svetlov/Getty ImagesThe Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme.Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine, according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Depa 1h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago INSIDER Brittney Griner reportedly turned down the opportunity to play basketball in prison because it's 'too painful' to practice The WNBA star, who has been wrongfully detained in Russia since February, reportedly refused lawyers' offer to bring her a basketball to play prison. 3h ago Gizmodo The University of Texas Hacked Starlink’s Signal So It Can Be Used as a GPS Alternative In addition to providing high-speed internet connectivity to even the most remote corners of the Earth, the over 3,000 satellites that make up the Starlink network have the potential to do even more, like replace the two dozen satellites that power the Global Positioning System. SpaceX passed on the idea, so a team of researchers took the long way to leverage Starlink as a GPS alternative. 5h ago Blavity Solange Seemingly Confirms Bill Murray Put His Hands Into Her Afro And Asked If She Was Wearing A Wig During SNL Appearance When Solange Knowles sang “Don’t Touch My Hair” she meant it. 2h ago E! News Olivia Culpo Supports Boyfriend Christian McCaffrey After Surprise Trade to 49ers Olivia Culpo's boyfriend Christian McCaffrey has been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the San Francisco 49ers. Find out the model's reaction to the surprise move. 5h ago Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago SheKnows Cindy Crawford Shared Sizzling Photos of Herself in a Little Black Bikini & It Reminds Us Why She's a Supermodel Legend Just like Helena Christensen, Cindy Crawford is digging through her old footage and delivering epic supermodel throwback snapshots. The 56-year-old icon shared sweet images from her very early days in her modeling career in an Instagram Reel. Crawford, who began modeling at the age of 16 in Chicago, posted the clip showing off her 1980s […] 3h ago Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting that the extreme drought affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially in the West. 5h ago Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election.  The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary.  The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. 3h ago NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home A car was found buried Thursday in the yard of a home in the affluent town of Atherton in the San Francisco Bay Area, police said. 13h ago CBS News Videos Shaq turns down boy's handshake for something better When a boy walked up to Shaquille O'Neal at a basketball game, he extended his hand for a shake. But the former NBA player turned him down for something better – a hug. 3h ago INSIDER The family of an Alabama inmate killed in prison found out he was dead when a fellow inmate texted them, explaining there was 'no security' around during the attack, lawyer says Other inmates were "hollering for the police to get him to the infirmary but the officers was nowhere to be found," one text read. 3h ago The Hill Biden touts federal deficit: ‘Largest one-year drop in American history’ President Biden on Friday touted recent figures showing the federal budget deficit fell by $1.4 trillion in fiscal 2022 from the prior year’s levels as Democrats work to fend off Republican attacks on the economy and inflation ahead of the midterm elections. Biden boasted the decline as “the largest one-year drop in American history” in… 4h ago The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory House minority leader Kevin McCarthy hinted at the measures his party would take if it reclaims majority in the lower chamber 14h ago Bravo Lala Kent Shows Off the “Brand New Lala” with a Cheeky Naked Shower Pic During Andy Cohen’s Legends Ball at BravoCon 2022, Lala Kent shared what she had in common with The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills’ Erika Jayne. “Like [Erika], I’m having a lot of sex,” the Vanderpump Rules cast member revealed, prompting a welcomed uproar from the audience. Lala added that the single-life experience is “awesome” before dropping a low-key diss that made Andy laugh. “Everyone has a jawline,” the Utah native quipped, “which is great!” Shortly after the event-filled weekend, the 1d ago NBC News OnlyFans model asked for a restraining order against boyfriend days before he was killed, video shows Newly released video shows an OnlyFans model asking Miami police for a restraining order against her boyfriend, days before authorities said she fatally stabbed him in their luxury high-rise apartment. 2d ago TODAY McDonald’s Teams Up With Krispy Kreme For Test Doughnut Run Krispy Kreme announced that it will be offering three of their doughnuts at McDonald’s restaurants in Louisville, Kentucky, and the surrounding area. 15h ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read POPULAR Family's truck stolen while on Disney vacation WOFL Woman forced to spend 'nonrefundable' 2-week vacation with ex-boyfriend: Don't 'book vacations with bfs too far in advance' In The Know by Yahoo Texas teens escape from alleged abuse KERO - Bakersfield Scripps Pregnant woman found dead in running car on Texas road, police say. Boyfriend charged Fort Worth Star-Telegram Maplewood Police hold news conference on beating death of 1-year-old girl KMSP