A Michigan family of 4 has been missing for 4 days in 'abnormal' disappearance, police say HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content NBC News A Michigan family of 4 has been missing for 4 days in 'abnormal' disappearance, police say Read full article 1 / 2 A Michigan family of 4 has been missing for 4 days in 'abnormal' disappearance, police say Fremont Police via Facebook 793 Phil Helsel October 20, 2022, 8:38 PM · 2 min read A Michigan family of four hasn’t been seen or heard from for days after the father called 911 and exhibited paranoid behavior, police said. Fremont police and Michigan State Police said family members had not heard from Anthony and Suzette Cirigliano, both 51, or their sons Brandon, 19, and Noah, 15, since Sunday, and their phone has been turned off. Police Chief Tim Rodwell said investigators don’t have any evidence of foul play. But he told NBC affiliate WOOD of Grand Rapids that everyone who knows the family is shocked by the disappearance. “They all describe this as extremely abnormal behavior from Tony and Suzette,” he said. An elderly relative who has dementia, and who the family was caring for, was found Monday walking the neighborhood, Rodwell said. She is now being cared for by other family members. “We don’t see any signs of violence, we don’t see any signs of foul play right now. There’s no signs of struggle inside the home,” Rodwell told WOOD. The two sons have autism, state police said. Missing Cirigliano family members, from top left, Suzette, Anthony, bottom left, Noah and Brandon. (Fremont Police via Facebook) Anthony Cirigliano had exhibited paranoid behavior Sunday, said state police, which is assisting in the case. Early Sunday, Anthony Cirigliano called 911 and when officers arrived he “was talking about issues or information that he had regarding the Sept. 11th attacks,” Rodwell said. Related video: California family of four kidnapped and murdered The officers made sure everyone was safe and OK, spending about an hour with Anthony Cirigliano, and also talked to Suzette, Rodwell told WOOD. "Honestly, that’s a very abnormal thing to say, and make a police report of," he said. Before they left, the officers told Anthony and Suzette Cirigliano to call police with any other issues and they would be there to help, Rodwell said. Police are asking anyone who sees the family to contact the department, and Rodwell is asking that the parents let family members know they are safe. They may be in a silver 2005 Toyota Sienna minivan with Michigan registration DJL1982, according to state police. Fremont is a town of around 4,500 about 35 miles north of Grand Rapids. The family has lived there for four years, Rodwell told the station. Prior to that, they lived in the Jasper County area of South Carolina. This article was originally published on NBCNews.com Recommended Stories Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago The Daily Beast Russia Rages After Son of Putin Official Is Nabbed on U.S. Charges Mikhail Svetlov/Getty ImagesThe Kremlin is threatening retaliatory action after authorities arrested Artyom Uss, the son of a top Russian official, at the United States’ request, for allegedly participating in a sanctions evasion and money laundering scheme.Uss, who was detained in Milan, was charged in relation to a scheme to unlawfully obtain U.S. military technology and sanctioned Venezuelan oil in order to support Russia’s war effort in Ukraine, according to charges unsealed by the U.S. Depa 1h ago HuffPost Superman?!? NFL Player Goes Viral For Incredible Flying Touchdown Marco Wilson pulled off his first NFL interception... and it only got better from there. 17h ago E! News Olivia Culpo Supports Boyfriend Christian McCaffrey After Surprise Trade to 49ers Olivia Culpo's boyfriend Christian McCaffrey has been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the San Francisco 49ers. Find out the model's reaction to the surprise move. 5h ago CBS News Expert identifies "key culprit" in mass die-off of Alaska snow crabs A marine biologist with the Alaska Fisheries Science Center says the shocking numbers seen today are the result of heatwaves in 2018 and 2019. 1d ago Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Candace Owens is threatening to sue the family of George Floyd as she aims to defend her friend Kanye West. 5h ago Fox News Twins suffered horrific abuse, including having to drink own urine before escaping Texas home, neighbor says A teen brother and sister whose escape from a Texas home was seen on chilling doorbell camera footage were allegedly handcuffed, zip-tied naked and forced to drink their own urine. 1d ago E! News Tom Brady Sets Record Straight on Retirement Plans Amid Gisele Bündchen Divorce Rumors Tom Brady revealed whether or not he has plans for retirement after wife Gisele Bündchen expressed her desire for him to step away from football. Here's what the quarterback had to say. 21h ago SheKnows Melania Trump Made the Surprising Decision to Join Forces With Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton For This Historic Cause Melania Trump made an announcement on Twitter this week that had some users scratching their heads. She’s joining all of the living former first ladies — Michelle Obama, Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton, Rosalynn Carter, along with current First Lady Dr. Jill Biden — to join efforts to get a women’s suffrage monument erected on the […] 5h ago Touchdown Wire Grading the Christian McCaffrey trade: D for 49ers, A for Panthers The Christian McCaffrey trade is a massive risk for the 49ers, and a major haul for the Panthers. 17h ago The New Voice of Ukraine Iranian instructors killed in Ukraine, Israeli media says Ten Iranian instructors, who were training Russian troops in Moscow-occupied Ukrainian territory, were killed last week by Ukrainian strikes, Israeli newspaper The Jerusalem Post reported on Oct. 21, citing an unnamed Ukrainian official. 3h ago SheKnows Demi Moore Teased Fans By Wearing an Unzipped Jacket With Nothing Underneath Demi Moore is 59 years old and proving that she’s feeling fabulous in this season of life. She’s happy, healthy, and fit — and she loves to share those moments with her Instagram followers (who don’t seem to mind either). Her latest snapshot in cold-weather gear would probably melt any snow bank on a freezing […] 1d ago INSIDER Gordon Sondland says MAGA 'sycophants' like Ted Cruz, Josh Hawley, and Marjorie Taylor Greene don't know how to manage Trump Sondland wrote that "in order to survive" in Trumpworld, one must treat him as an equal rather than play roles "that aren't authentic." 2d ago Charlotte Observer Panthers’ trade of Christian McCaffrey to 49ers produces two winners — and a loser In the short term, the Panthers will become even more unwatchable. In the long term, it means the team has gone into full tear-it-down-and-rebuild-it mode — again. 17h ago NBC Sports BayArea Christian McCaffrey posts message to 49ers fans after landing in Bay Area After a stunning trade between the 49ers and Panthers, Christian McCaffrey has arrived in the Bay. 2h ago LA Times Plaschke: Lakers need to trade Russell Westbrook now. Enough is enough The Lakers need to trade Russell Westbrook before his reckless play and divisive personality cost them whatever chance they have at a rewarding season. 8h ago NBC Sports BayArea Elated Kyle Shanahan reveals reaction to 49ers' Christian McCaffrey trade Kyle Shanahan's reaction to the Christian McCaffrey trade was similar to most members of 49ers Faithful. 4h ago HuffPost DOJ Slams Trump Filing Claiming 9 Mar-A-Lago Files Are His 'Personal' Property The papers include pardon requests and immigration policy documents, which the DOJ notes were all part of his job. 8h ago Fox News Georgetown students walk out during Pence speech, chant 'hate has no home here!" Pro-choice protesters staged a walkout at a speech delivered by former Vice President Mike Pence at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday night. 23h ago HuffPost Trump Doubles Down On Undermining Own Defense In E. Jean Carroll Case Trump argued he was protected as president to verbally attack a journalist who accused him of rape. Now he's repeating the attacks as a private citizen. 17h ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother Associated Press · 5 min read POPULAR Latest weather with Leslie Lopez KABC – Los Angeles Accuweather: Mostly sunshine WABC – NY Windy and warm weather to round out the week in North Texas CBS-Dallas Trump sits for deposition in rape accuser’s defamation case The Hill Rye Fire Department distributes bottled water during boil water order WMUR - Manchester