Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother HOME MAIL NEWS FINANCE SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SEARCH SHOPPING YAHOO PLUS MORE... Download the Yahoo News app Yahoo News Search query Sign in Mail Sign in to view your mail News News US US Politics Politics World World COVID-19 COVID-19 Climate Change Climate Change Health Health Science Science Originals Originals The 360 The 360 Skullduggery Podcast Skullduggery Podcast Conspiracyland Conspiracyland Veterans Veterans Contact Us Contact Us … … Close this content Read full article 3.1k Associated Press Police: North Carolina rampage began when teen shot brother GARY D. ROBERTSON and BEN FINLEY October 20, 2022, 2:38 PM · 5 min read RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Police believe the shooting rampage that left five dead in North Carolina’s capital city last week began when the 15-year-old suspect shot his older brother, according to a report released Thursday. More details about the shootings emerged from the four-page preliminary report that Raleigh’s police chief provided to the city manager. Such summaries are written within five business days of an officer-involved shooting. Those who died in the Oct. 13 shooting included an off-duty city police officer who lived in the Hedingham neighborhood where the shootings began, according to police. Two others were wounded, one of them another community resident who remains in critical but stable condition, the report said. Witnesses had described a shooter wearing camouflage clothing, which the report confirmed, and firing a shotgun in the subdivision and along a nearby walking trail. Police said the suspect — still not named in the report because he is a juvenile but identified by his parents this week as Austin Thompson — was captured in a barnlike structure more than four hours after the first emergency call. The report said the teen had traveled nearly 2 miles (3.2 kilometers) from where his brother was found shot and stabbed. Police said they exchanged gunfire with the teen and one officer was injured. The officer was treated at a hospital and released that evening. The report said officers gave repeated commands for the suspect to surrender and special officers worked to figure out his exact location. Police ultimately decided to advance toward the building where he was found. When officers arrested the teen, he appeared to have a single gunshot wound and had a handgun in his waistband. A shotgun and shells were lying nearby, according to the report. It didn't describe how he obtained the weapons or how he was wounded. The report was released the same day the first memorial service for victims was held at a Raleigh church —- where a basketball jersey and a pair of shorts were placed atop a closed coffin. Story continues James Thompson, 16, the youngest of those killed and the brother of Austin Thompson, was “just getting to that age when the whole world was opening up for him,” Jeff Roberts, senior pastor of Trinity Baptist Church, said during the service. “And we remember his life — a life filled with joy and laughter and experiences that shaped him and were shaping his future,” the pastor said. When he was younger, James Thompson was a calm and smiling presence at Sunday school but a fierce player in the church's basketball program. He was a child who picked up used golf balls at the golf course, cleaned them and resold them. As he grew older, the teen developed an interest in cooking and would try out new ideas after watching YouTube videos of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay. The teen loved deep-sea fishing. And he was starting to think about college, possibly at nearby North Carolina State University. “We don’t want this moment to define James’s life,” the pastor said. “Part of the events of the past week will be part of his story. But I want you to know it’s not all of his story.” Roberts also spoke aloud the names of the other victims. “We are a community who is grieving, grieving with this family and grieving with so many other families as well,” Roberts said. Meanwhile, Austin Thompson remains in critical condition, the report said. His mother said Wednesday that he was moved to a pediatric ICU unit. The top local prosecutor has said she will seek to charge the youth as an adult. The teen had a backpack that contained several types of rifle and shotgun ammunition, the report said, and the sheath for a large knife clipped to his belt. A hunting knife was found at the front of the outbuilding where he was captured, police said. Based on the teen's estimated direction of travel, police believe James Thompson was shot first, the report said. “The collective motive for these attacks is still unknown,” the report from Chief Estella Patterson said, adding there doesn't appear to be any connection between the victims shot by the suspect before he encountered police other than they all lived in close proximity. According to the report, emergency communications received a 5:09 p.m. call for service based on multiple shots fired near the neighborhood's golf course. A few minutes later, a 911 caller reported hearing shots and seeing two shooting victims in front of a house on the same street where the 16-year-old was discovered in a residence. Police believe the teen shot Marcille Lynn Gardner, who was found wounded in the driveway, then fired at Nicole Connors, 52, who lived in the house. Connors was shot on her porch and later died. Gardner, 60, remains hospitalized. Soon after, off-duty Raleigh police Officer Gabriel Torres was shot inside his car on another street in the neighborhood as he was about to leave for work, the report said. Torres, 29, later died at the hospital. That's when the teen fled toward the Neuse River Greenway Trail, the report said, where minutes later a 911 caller found two more victims along the trail who died at the scene. They were Mary Marshall, 34, who was walking her dog, and Susan Karnatz, 49, who was out on a run. Officers who had swarmed the area located the teen a little over an hour later in an area with two barn-like structures. That's when police said they believe he fired shots at officers from one of the buildings and multiple officers returned fire. Raleigh police estimated their officers fired 23 rounds. Two city officers who discharged their firearms have been placed on administrative duty. The parents of the two teenagers released a statement earlier this week saying they are “overcome with grief” and saw no warning signs that “Austin was capable of doing anything like this.” An attorney for the family didn’t immediately respond to messages seeking comment on the report. The Associated Press generally does not name people under 18 who are accused of crimes but is identifying Austin Thompson because of the severity and publicity of the shootings and because his parents voluntarily named him. Recommended Stories NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home A car was found buried Thursday in the yard of a home in the affluent town of Atherton in the San Francisco Bay Area, police said. 13h ago Yahoo Celebrity Kanye West dropped by Balenciaga, 1st major company to sever ties after antisemitic comments As controversy engulfs Kanye West, it's Trevor Noah who offers a new take on the situation. 3h ago The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory House minority leader Kevin McCarthy hinted at the measures his party would take if it reclaims majority in the lower chamber 14h ago Associated Press Jan. 6 panel subpoenas Trump, demanding historic testimony The House committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol formally issued an extraordinary subpoena to Donald Trump on Friday, demanding testimony from the former president who lawmakers say “personally orchestrated” a multi-part effort to overturn the results of the 2020 election.  The nine-member panel issued a letter to Trump's lawyers saying he must testify, either at the Capitol or by videoconference, “beginning on or about” Nov. 14 and continuing for multiple days if necessary.  The letter also outlined a sweeping request for documents, including personal communications between Trump and members of Congress as well as extremist groups. 3h ago Yahoo News NOAA winter outlook predicts another La Niña and no end to extreme drought Winter is coming, and U.S. forecasters are predicting that the extreme drought affecting more than half of the country will continue, especially in the West. 5h ago Jezebel Domestic Abuse Survivor Who Won Landmark Supreme Court Case Is Found Dead in Her Home In June, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Golan v. Saada that Narkis Golan, a domestic abuse survivor who fled Italy to the U.S. with her child, couldn’t be forced to return her young son to his allegedly abusive father, Isacco Jacky Saada. Four months later, on Wednesday evening, the 32-year-old mother was found dead in her home. 2h ago NextShark Markiplier says his ‘ungodly’ $38 million annual income from YouTube feels ‘unfair’ Markiplier, one of YouTube’s highest-earning content creators, admitted that the "ungodly amount" of money he earns, which sits at around $38 million annually, “feels unfair.”  Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, joined Logan Paul during a recent episode of the podcast “Impaulsive” to talk about his YouTube career and health.  During their conversation, Markiplier, who is of Korean descent, opens up about his finances and how much he earns in a year. 3h ago Yahoo Sports Panthers star RB Christian McCaffrey traded to 49ers for draft picks The 49ers made a big move in their backfield on Thursday night. 18h ago In The Know by Yahoo Boyfriend allegedly dumped woman and stole $13,000 while she was on vacation: 'Don't trust boys' A woman alleges her boyfriend stole from her while she went on a girl's trip after he dumped her. 2h ago Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Candace Owens is threatening to sue the family of George Floyd as she aims to defend her friend Kanye West. 5h ago Yahoo Celebrity James Corden says 'I'm probably going to have to talk about' restaurant scandal on Monday's show New York City restaurateur Keith McNally has said Corden apologized to him. 18h ago Yahoo Finance 'I'm coming back to walk over this sucker': Why Biden visits so many bridges Joe Biden visited the Fern Hollow Bridge in Pittsburgh this week in an effort to tout the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. 1d ago The Root White Teens Spotted at Six Flags in Blackface, Accused of AirDropping Racist Memes Social media has exposed a group of white teens who allegedly showed up to Fright Fest at Six Flags wearing Blackface and racially harassing park visitors, per REVOLT TV. The teens were accused of AirDropping racist memes and slurs to troll whoever was in the immediate area. 2h ago Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Steve Bannon, ex-White House strategist and adviser to former President Donald Trump, was sentenced Friday to four months in prison and a $6,500 fine for refusing to appear before the House select committee investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, assault on the U.S. Capitol. 6h ago Fox News Twins suffered horrific abuse, including having to drink own urine before escaping Texas home, neighbor says A teen brother and sister whose escape from a Texas home was seen on chilling doorbell camera footage were allegedly handcuffed, zip-tied naked and forced to drink their own urine. 1d ago Variety Kevin Spacey Trial: Anthony Rapp Loses $40 Million Sexual Battery Lawsuit A New York jury has sided with Kevin Spacey in a $40 million civil lawsuit, finding that the Oscar-winning actor did not molest Anthony Rapp when he was a teenager and is not liable for battery. After roughly 80 minutes of deliberations, jurors reached a unanimous decision that Rapp’s lawyers had failed to prove that […] 1d ago Yahoo Sports Longtime NBA official Tony Brown dies at 55 after cancer battle Tony Brown, who spent two decades as an official in the league, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2021. 21h ago NBC News The decider: Jill Biden's unparalleled influence and impact on the president Whenever his aides are pressed about President Biden’s political future, they’ll often point to one person as the true decider: his wife of 45 years, Jill Biden. 10h ago The Hill 231 pythons removed from south Florida during 10-day challenge Nearly 1,000 participants from 32 states, Canada and Latvia removed hundreds of Burmese pythons from south Florida as part of the 10-day competition, created to raise awareness about invasive species. 19h ago Bloomberg Truss Resigns as UK Premier After Tax-Cut Plan Backfires (Bloomberg) -- Most Read from BloombergChina Summons Chip Firms for Emergency Talks After US CurbsTrump Deposed in Suit by Investors Claiming Fraud in ‘Apprentice’ Videophone PitchesLiz Truss Odds: The Front-Runners to Replace the Prime MinisterWeed Is Coming to Circle K Gas Stations in US Next YearChina Is Debating a Reduction to Covid Quarantine for Inbound TravelersLiz Truss quit as UK prime minister after a brief and chaotic tenure that saw her announce a massive package of tax cuts before u 1d ago More Stories TRENDING The Guardian Republicans plan to torpedo key Biden policies as polls predict midterm victory The Guardian · 5 min read NBC News Landscapers find car buried decades ago in the yard of San Francisco Bay Area home NBC News · 1 min read Yahoo News Steve Bannon sentenced to 4 months in prison for criminal contempt of Congress Yahoo News · 4 min read Blavity Candace Owens Threatens George Floyd's Family: 'I Think That I Have Grounds To Sue' Blavity · 2 min read USA TODAY Supreme Court denies challenge to Biden's student loan forgiveness program USA TODAY · 1 min read POPULAR New details released in deadly Raleigh mass shooting as families continue to grieve WSOC Raleigh police release new report about mass shooting that killed 5 WXII - Greensboro/Winston-Salem Videos Two Raleigh police officers on administrative leave after teenage suspect allegedly kills five people Fox News What weapons did the teen suspect use in the Hedingham mass shooting? What we know Raleigh News and Observer Parents of teen suspect in Raleigh mass shooting issue first statement WSOC